[PXCT-1779] brick docs rework (#2944)
arduino/docs-content: content/software/app-lab/5.bricks/2.use-bricks/use-bricks.md

### Add an Arduino Brick

1. [Open an App](../../apps/manage-apps/#open-an-app).
2. Click the **Add Brick** button in the left sidebar to open the Bricks catalog.
   ![Screenshot of the App Editor in Arduino App Lab, highlighting the Bricks section in the left sidebar.](../../assets/app-lab-editor-hl-bricks.png)
3. Select a Brick from the list.
4. Follow the prompts to configure any required settings (e.g., credentials or thresholds).
5. App Lab automatically adds the Brick to your `app.yaml` file.

### Configure Brick Variables

Many Bricks (both Arduino and Custom) accept configuration variables, such as API keys or threshold values.

1. Click on the Brick's name in the left sidebar to open the Brick's detail page.
2. Configure any required settings.
3. App Lab automatically saves these settings to your `app.yaml` file, and passes them to the Brick as environment variables when the App runs.

<Alert type="note">**Important:** When you use the App Lab UI, the system manages the `app.yaml` file automatically. Manual changes can cause syntax errors that prevent the editor from opening your project.</Alert>

### Create a Blank Custom Brick

> If you need to package your own Python logic or Docker containers into a reusable module, you can create a Custom Brick directly within your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your App requires the use of additional Docker containers, you can create a Custom Brick directly within your application.
```

## Remove mention of Python component

At least with the current App-local custom Brick feature, the sole value of the Python component of the custom Brick is to facilitate the use of the service/container. If the user only wants to organize their App code into Python modules, they should just add packages/modules under the `python` folder of the App. Using a custom Brick for this purpose only adds unnecessary complexity for absolutely no benefit.

## Remove mention of reusability

The App-local custom Brick feature we have currently is mostly just a way to achieve additional functionality for a single App. It is true that the custom Brick could be reused by manually copying it to another App, then manually editing an entry for that brick into the `app.yaml` file. However, doing so would be more of a "hack" than something we support as part of the "golden path".

So it definitely doesn't make sense to advertise reusability as a prominent feature of custom Bricks. Moreover, I feel it would only make sense to mention the possibility of reuse if detailed instructions were provided for the relatively complex task of achieving such a thing.

It probably is best to just wait until such time as proper support for reusable Bricks is implemented (https://github.com/arduino/arduino-app-cli/issues/207).

Author: Great points, thanks!

To learn more, see [Create Custom Bricks](../custom-bricks/).

## Use Bricks in Python

After adding a Brick, you must import its Python package into your App's `main.py` file to instantiate its classes or call its functions.

### Managed Bricks

> The vast majority of Bricks follow a managed execution pattern. You import the class, instantiate it to register it with the orchestrator, and call its methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The vast majority of Bricks utilize the App framework's lifecycle management system. You import the class, instantiate it to register it with the system, and the App framework automatically manages its execution:
```

---

Use the established "lifecycle" term:

https://github.com/arduino/app-bricks-py/blob/0bc3c36b88552c4d9acb6fe0daa083c02f74473f/src/arduino/app_utils/app.py#L17

https://github.com/arduino/app-bricks-py/blob/0bc3c36b88552c4d9acb6fe0daa083c02f74473f/src/arduino/app_utils/brick.py#L35

I had to adjust the wording of the sentence a bit in order to accomplish this, since I believe it is most accurate to refer to "lifecycle" in the larger context of a Brick being used by an App (as opposed to only in a brick-specific context).

---

Avoid the use of the term "orchestrator". It seems there will be a tendency to try to use that term to refer to the App management functions of Arduino App CLI, so unnecessarily using the same term to refer to something completely different would be likely to cause confusion to the reader.

---

Provide a brief explanation of what "lifecycle management" means. The meaning will not be obvious to the average reader from the term "lifecycle management" (or "managed execution") alone.

---

Remove "call its methods". A "managed Brick" won't necessarily have user called methods, so it doesn't make sense to imply this is an inherent characteristic of using managed Bricks.

1. Import the Brick's Python package from the `arduino.app_bricks` namespace (or directly by its folder name if it's a Custom Brick).

> 2. Instantiate the Brick class (for class-based Bricks) or call its plain functions directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Instantiate the Brick class.
```

The lifecycle management system requires the use of a class by the Brick, so it doesn't make sense to imply this is an optional step of using managed Bricks.

3. Call `App.run()` at the very bottom of your script to start all registered Bricks.

```python
from arduino.app_utils import App

# 1. Import Bricks
from arduino.app_bricks.web_ui import WebUI
from my_sensors import MySensorBrick

# 2. Instantiate Bricks
ui = WebUI()
sensors = MySensorBrick()

# 3. Launch the App and all Bricks
App.run()
```

<Alert type="note">**Important:** The `App.run()` call typically blocks the main thread. Ensure all your setup logic and Brick initializations happen before this call.</Alert>

### Unmanaged Bricks

> Some simpler Custom Bricks or specific official Bricks (like `arduino:streamlit_ui`) don't use managed objects. Instead, you call their functions or import their modules directly, without needing to register them with the App orchestrator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some simpler Custom Bricks or specific official Bricks (like `arduino:streamlit_ui`) don't use the lifecycle management system. Instead, you manage their execution directly from the App's Python script code.
```

- Use the previously established "lifecycle management" term.
- Replace "call their functions". Calling functions or methods is not unique to using unmanaged Bricks. Managed Bricks also often provide user called functions/methods.
- Remove "import their modules directly". Importing modules is not unique to using unmanaged Bricks.
- Remove mention of registration. Registration is handled automagically for the Brick user by the App framework, so this is not something the user considers when using a managed Brick. It is true that the registration requires the user to instantiate the class, but the user will often also need to instantiate a class to use an unmanaged Brick.
